Softly falls the evening’s
glow, the day becomes a sigh,
With footsteps worn on paths
I know, beneath a patient sky.
The wind brings echoes, faint and
warm, from places far and near,
A fleeting shape, a distant
name—so close, and yet unclear.
The hearthlight flickers—stories
weave, of longing and release,
Of loves that slipped like morning
dew, yet left the heart at peace.
A single petal, drifting
down, unfolds a hidden thread—
A voice I knew, a vow unsaid,
from dreams I thought had fled.
Ciel—the dawn, the gentle rain,
the breath between the trees—
She taught me how the world could
sing through whispers on the breeze.
In childhood’s spring, she touched
my soul, then faded with the tide—
But every path I’ve walked since
then has kept her by my side.
No need to chase, no need to
bind—what’s lost returns in time.
The river knows, the mountains
keep, what fate makes hers and mine.
I’ve sought no crown, nor fought
the sky—just followed nature’s flow—
And through the stillness of my
heart, I found what I let go.
The wind may scatter leaves afar—
Yet every leaf becomes a star—
No distance, time, or world above
Can break the bond of silent love.
So let her be where she must go—
The stream will meet the sea—
And if the sky returns her name,
She’ll find her way to me.
No grasping hands, no cries, no fight—
Just faith that darkness leads to light—
For what is meant will always stay—
A blossom borne upon the way.